#MEETING 04
####September 24, 2015 Gaslight
**ATTENDEES:** Amy (@amyashworth), Ann (@ann), Cindy (@ceeblet), Irena
(@irena), Katherine (ktornwall), Laura (@laura\_r), Leila (@leilaloezer), Sarah
(@sachssa), Tara (@tzmanics) & Victoria (@vpershick)

A meeting to discuss CincyWWC group organization (leads, workshops, events,
sponsor, etc.).

###Status of WWC
- CincyWWC is now official. We have received resources & have started tweeting.
  - Who wants to head up the different resources?
    - Facebook: Cindy
    - Twitter: Tara
    - Emails: Leila
    - Meetup: Amy & Sarah
- Assigning roles:
  - For now since the group is small we'll all take part in managing projects,
    finding sponsors and being evangelists for the network.

  - Also, temporarily, instead of language leads we will be splitting the into
    three concentrations: Back-End, Front-End and Tools
    - FE : Amy, Irena, Katherine, Leila & Sarah
    - BE : Ann, Cindy, Irena, Tara & Victoria
    - TOOLS : Cindy, Irena, Katherine & Tara

  - We should contact Catheryn Denlan for database expertise.
- We'll continue working on and updating our webpage and other CincyWWC Guthub
  resources.

- From now on the 2nd Thursday of the month will be for organizational meetings.

- Every fourth Thursday of the month we'll arrange a place that anyone can go
  to meet up with CincyWWC members to work on projects, hack together and/or
ask questions.

- Sponsors & venues are falling into place. Please add info to the Sponsors &
  Venues google sheet (2 different tabs) of anyone else you have either
contacted or think we should contact. We're hitting our goal of 10 (maybe even
surpassing it, but is there really such thing as too many helpful people?!), so
BRAVO team!

###Workshops
- WWC wants us to have the meetup page established for a month before posting
  an event.

- CincyWWC will have 1 event/workshop per month 6 social 6 technical

- In deciding the next 6 months activities we decided to do 1 technical panel,
  a front-end workshop, a backend-end workshop, a tools workshop and 2 social
events.

- Each workshop/event will have a private slack room dedicated to ideas and
  discussions of the event. The tasks and TODOs for each event will be handled
on a trello board.

- Upcoming planned events/workshops:
  - November 12 6p - Technical Panel & Social Event - Gaslight (Cindy, Tara,
    Katheryn)
  - December - Ted Talk Event (Ann, Laura, Amy, Cindy, Leila, Tara, Katheryn)
  - January - Git Focused Workshop (Cindy, Tara)
  - February - Rails Blog Workshop (Katheryn, Tara)
  - March - Bootstrap Workshop (Amy, Sarah, Leila, Katheryn)
  - April - Stress Less Ohio River House Retreat (Cindy, Irena) 

Tell Tara if you're not on an event/workshop you want to help organize, she
would be happy to add you to the group!

- Future event/workshop ideas:
  - Lean out/Lean in presentation & small group breakouts
  - Wine & Wireframes
  - Pis & Pies

