#WWCode New Director On-Boarding Call
####August 26, 2015 Conference Call
**ATTENDEES:** Joey Rosenberg (WWCode Leadership Director), Laura Uzcátegui and Gillian Colan-O'Leary (Dublin Chapter), Amanda Grossmann, Ann Schoenenberger, Cindy Brown, Irena Miller, Leila Loezer and Tara Manicsic (Cincinnati Chapter)

This call was an overview of what is involved in getting a local WWCode chapter off the ground. General activities and leadership roles were also discussed.

###WWCode Organization
The mission of WWCode is to inspire women to excel in tech careers and facilitate free techinical workshops. WWCode is currently in 18 countries and 50+ cities. Its status is non-profit 501-c.

###Roles Within the Chapter
*Although there are different roles available, members can have more than one title! It is very common that members wear multiple hats specially in the beginnings of a new chapter. In more mature networks there is greater division of roles and responsibilities.*
####The Director Role
Director roles are high profile and involve leading and managing the WWCode local community, organizing events, recognizing and fostering new leaders. Usually chapters have 2 to 4 directors, but more directors are welcome and help to keep the chapter active. Directors are a direct point of contact with WWCode staff. There is a Slack Channel for directors to share ideas and help one another. A mentor group from another city will be assigned to our group to help with the organization.

Main responsibilities:
* plan, organize and schedule events
* build network and look for tech partners
* foster leadership, identify and encourage new leads and evangelists in the group
* represent WWCode correctly
* make sure the code of conduct is being followed

####The Lead Role
This is a skill-based role. Members that have a particular expertise  may run series of events and workshops and help members become more knowleable in the language/skill. For example, we may have a rails lead, a javascript lead, an algorithm lead and so on.

####The Evangelist Role
Members that spread out the word about WWCode and promote the organization in local, national and international events and conferences.

###What WWCode will provide us
* WWCode personal email address
* WWCode email address for the Cincinnati chapter
* digital assets
* Meetup page
* twitter account
* facebook group
* gitHub repo with ideas for events and workshops from other chapters
* network page on WWCode that we can customize

###Events
WWCode recommends at least one event per month and to plan for 6 months of events in advance, so they can be announced on Meetup. The local chapter should find tech companies that can host our events by providing space, internet and food.
####Hack Nights
The first event should be a Hack Night that is 50% technical and 50% social. A typical Hack Night consists of participants getting registered, and eating, then opening up space for participants to make announcements (job oppenings, need of partners on project, need help with particular issue). This is also a great opportunity to get ideas on how to make our chapter fabulous and finding new leads.
####Other Events
WWCode recommends alternating Hack Nights with speaking events.
Although networking and socializing is a huge part of our group, WWCode meetings should not be purely social and should always include a technical component. Outdoor events such as hiking are awesome but should be balanced with regular (on-brand) events.
####Event Announcements
Events should be properly described in Meetup so participants are aware of what kind of event they are attending and who the audience is. For example, if there is an event specifically for career development and recruiting this should be made transparent. Make sure not to confuse technical workshops and recruiting events. Job ads can be posted in the WWCode newsletter (a small fee may apply).

###Partnerships
WWCode chapters partner with several organizations in a mutually beneficial manner. In our local chapter we can partner with Girl Develop It by providing a space for women who already know a programing language to practice and strenghten skills as well as networking. WWCode provides more unstructured technical workshops and has a different audience: 2/3 are experienced tech professionals and 1/3 are newbies. We can recommend structured classes at GDI for women interested in starting to code.  

###Code of Conduct
Directors should make sure the environment of WWCode is harassment free and inclusive, that all women feel included and welcome. Age is not a barrier and very young members are allowed in the group, as long as they have a basic understanding of programming. Men are also allowed to participate in events as long as contributing for the group. Joey will check about all-women space but most active areas are all-women.
Directors should enforce the code of conduct and may impede people of participating in events if they break the code of conduct. We can reach out to Joey with any specific questions regarding the COC. 

###Next Steps
* Sign WWCode Director agreement (will be mailed to the interested parties)
* find 10 tech companies that could host events providing space, wifi, and food (donation of food is tax deductible)
* test and add content to the social network pages
* create events in the Meetup group for the next 3 to 6 months
* meet with Joey again to set up the official lauch event and related press (usually there would be at least 30 days before the first event, but it is possible to launch earlier if we are all organized)