#MEETING 01
####July 15, 2015 Myrtle's Punch House
**ATTENDEES:** Cindy (@ceeblet), Leila (@leilaloezer) & Tara (@tzmanics)

This was the first general meeting to discuss the next steps in forming the
Cincinnati chapter of WWC.

###Status of WWC
- We are still awaiting word from WWC to see if they have accepted our
application that Tara submitted.

- Leila has been in contact with a WWC member in regards to a blog post she
has written and will contact them to see if we can find where we are in the
process.

###WWC Workshop Ideas
- Plan a meeting to structure what workshops we can offer and see how they all
fit together.

- On the website we can create a ranking system that lets members vote on which
classes they are most interested in attending the following month. Also, at the
end of each workshop we will ask them to vote for what class they would like
next. This will give us an idea of what they are interested/invested in and
help us schedule the workshops more appropriately.

- We can create a resource centered around what workshops we offer and what
careers or occupations they will benefit. I.e. a web-scraping python workshop
is helpful for a career in data mining, visualization, etc. While a rebasing
git class could be helpful to practically any job where you're committing code.

###WWC Website
- Cindy has got the CincyWWC website up and running! It is made using
[Flask](http://flask.pocoo.org/) and the repo is available to any organizers
that would like to contribute.

- Cindy will also be creating a CincyWWC organization to host the website repo
and any other repos we see fit.

###Other WWC Organizational Topics
- We will create a dev-questions room in our WWC slack channel so members can
ask any development questions they have and we can all help each other.

- We would like to schedule a meeting with GDI to see how we can work together
and make sure we don't step on any toes.

- Thoughts on future members: we would like to have them come to a meeting to
see if WWC is something they would be interested in being a part of. Then we
would send them an invitation to the group.

- Tara presented a project that she had worked on with a group of ladies at a
hackathon a little while back that CincyWWC could take over as a group, pet
project.
    - The project was basically a women-centric, stackoverflow-esque site. It
was called 'Momma Coders' and had th tag line 'Ask Momma'. Basically, an
environment to feel free to ask any question without being ridiculed or spoken
down to.

